Boil to mind
ward
In the middle of Ginza course,
Shabud, Shabud
A man with a pretty lady
whoUm zobmed the window
and walked the same
The traffic officer
g wat9
g Lords
sandwiched
The dancing tango, the blues, the rumba, the okesaka, the yagibushi,
and the dancing god who came from a faraway land,
were all in the same place, as if they were thinking.
The song is from Jojo Shishu.
Well, everyone, how was it?
The Land of Housing.
You can get a house with just 25 yen.
It's small, but it's 25 yen to sell my house.
If you get it, you won't have to sell it for money.
You won't buy it.
The street lights are like this,
but the train is as noisy as ever.
Hey, put it on for me.
I'm sorry, but it's just one person.
No, you can't.
I'm not going to get on it.
Don't be so loud.
It's just one person.
No, you can't.
Wait a minute.
The train won't move.
Why?
Because I'm the president.
You're an idiot.
You're the president, but you're so noisy.
That's not it.
You're so pretty.
You were struggling to get on the train, so I put it on for you.
Oh, you're so pretty.
You're so pretty.
Hmm.
I wonder who she is.
No, she's my wife.
I wonder if there's a nice gentleman like her.
There's someone who's shouting the name of the train while looking at the
Next, I'm going to Tomizaka Police Station.
I'm going to change the train driver.
I'm still not getting off.
Who's getting off?
How about we play a cheerful music on the train so that it doesn't happen?
Ladies and gentlemen,
This is the end of Yoyogi.
Hey, Harajuku, Harajuku, Harajuku, Harajuku.
Well, fur deep down, everyone's gone.